what is that presidents attach layer
optic midnite and today is something
completely different so I'm gonna start
the via by saying thank you for clicking
on something that was a call of duty I
appreciate it I want to try to play some
trials evolution as you guys know the
end of call duties black ops 2 light
cycles coming to an end I've just really
kind of bored of the game I want to try
something different maybe post something
different if you don't know already I
actually do have to alternate channels
one is a let's play channel where I'm
going to actually I swear I promise you
I like this is pinky your pinky my pinky
pinky promise that I'm going to start
posting let's play style footage to that
channel because it is my let's play
channel however I don't think the trials
of Volusia really fits well into that
it's not really like a let's play tough
again it's more like a kind of cool game
that you could just play so I hope that
you guys enjoy maybe something a little
bit different little change of pace if
you have any ideas of good Trials
Evolution things to do thinking about
starting to maybe do some really funny
like dare type things like if I crash or
if I don't like Pete a certain time I
will do something crazy like put a razor
in my I play tomorrow would i do that i
don't know like drink pickle juice or
something just fucked up like that so
anyways let's get it a plane i want to
play one of my favorite tracks let me
see if I can remember which track it is
let's see which one's my favorite one
here ah oh yes it's this one this is ok
so I have a gold on this I think I
should use let's see good looking out of
parity colors um I think that the
scorpions better because I don't
remember but I played this game in a
long time I got a gold medal on this
this race so I want to see if I could
beat my time this is one of my favorite
tracks so Justin your good start so
let's go o Lord ok yeah just a
not used to the controls just just a
little bit just a little bit not used to
this okay come on now come I green green
wheeled pink blue white color comments a
fucking rainbow bike oh my god let's go
that's right baby okay we're only down
one second for my time let's do it flip
just for good good measure we go there
we go okay okay fuck come on now oh
lordy Oh yep all messed up I'm Way
behind my time come on uh oh lordy okay
yeah we didn't do it we were short four
seconds Frick I'm gonna retry it come on
come on bike guy okay now that I ran
through the course I might have a bit of
a better shot at this time let's go for
me fuck okay I'm retrying all right this
is the one we're gonna fucking do this I
mean effing sorry I'm trying to stop
slain it's not working very well
especially when i place an O Lord well
the green numbers are good three numbers
are good let's go let's go oh my god
Jesus man look at that Shh completely
launches me into a freaking corner all
right well three seconds behind we just
finished four seconds
Rick I should have stopped
you're make it up for time we're making
up for ten go go go go green guy a
rainbow bike guy go go go do you dance
dria dancing nobody's stopping you let's
go ain't nobody semicon for him one
second one second oh no I literally just
finished like less than a second behind
my gold time I'm trying that again let's
go one more try this is it the last try
this is it let's freaking go third
time's a charm come on rainbow bike guy
let's do this come on get up there Go Go
you son of a bitch okay here we go I
thing a little too really tiny timings
everything that's what this whole games
about timing and rhythm here we go oh ok
ok I'm y 2 pi when do I ok oh thank you
basedgod let's go that's green numbers
right now baby let's go let's go this is
the one I'm a second of ahead of my old
time come on come on come on don't fuck
it up to fuck if I could fuck it up
right here no no come on go yes this has
to be it this has it yeah no personal
record baby let's go oh my god I'm so
freaking happy right now whoa that was
amazing this is this is one of my
favorite tracks i remember it um i
obviously haven't played trials in a
while so it took a couple Charles to
beat my record but holy crap this game
is fun if you've never played this game
you need to they always have deals on it
uh on the dashboard yeah I don't it's
not like a disk I bought it off the
multiplayer call it what is that called
marketplace xbox live among the place of
course Macau has me beat you son of a
gun Macau is really good optic Micallef
you don't know him he's a sniper for
opticnation um he's really really good
at this game I don't know how we got
three seconds less than me but whatever
whenever Macau which that you go hey I'm
69,000 in the world but anyway I don't
know if you guys like stuff like this
like I said I do have a let's play
channel where I'm gonna be posting like
let's play style games no kid says to be
a let's play style like story mode
walkthrough thing
um so I don't know I've goes up to that
channel if you want to see things that
are other than called doing and doing
walkthroughs and stuff and then
obviously I usually post call of duty
but maybe this changeup is good once in
a while let me know by either liking or
disliking the video I'd really
appreciate your guys's feedback on this
and it's that time of the year we're
just kind of bored call of duty at this
moment um I'm still gonna be posting
call of duty but I kind of just trying
to a few different things before grand
theft auto 5 comes out which I'm posting
a ton of and call duty ghosts obviously
so anyways guys I hope that you enjoy it
i'll talk to you guys later peace